Executive Producer KIM Joo Sung
Co-Executive Producer LEE Sang Yong
This dress was discovered
among the historic artifacts
that recently returned from other countries.
HAN Seok-kyu
It will be a new discovery
of the clothing designs from the Chosun Dynasty.
KO Soo
Also discovered was the man
who revolutionized Chosun fashion
as the sole designer for the royal family.
PARK Shin-hye. YOO Yeon-seok
Head Tailor of the Sanguiwon. Cho Dol-suk.
3 years after the death of the former king. the new king
orders Head Tailor Cho Dol-suk to craft a new dragon robe.
Head Tailor Cho Dol-suk
written by LEE Byounghak
shall promptly enter the royal palace
as commanded by His Majesty.
line producer YUN Chang-suk
Dragon robe dedication!
Produced by KIM Sujin. YUN Inbeom
directed by LEE Wonsuk
Congratulations on completing the
mourning and wearing the dragon robe.
Congratulations. Your Majesty!
Forget congratulations...
Mr. Head Tailor. you
look quite rejuvenated.
Have you secretly married
during our mourning period?
Your Majesty. how could I...
It's a joke.
It's been 3 years already
since my brother passed away.
I have taken the throne
at your earnest requests.
But my heart is still heavy.
Your Majesty.
To whom shall I bestow thy socks today?
Of course.
Grant it to the Prime Minister.
whom His late Majesty dearly trusted.
I am eternally grateful.
Your Majesty.
You all respected
the mourning period.
I feel selfish to be the only one
with new clothes.
I wish to bestow you all
with new robes.
Mr. Head Tailor.
Please put forth your best efforts.
We are eternally grateful.
Your Majesty.
The people are deeply worried
that Your Majesty is without an heir.
I implore you
to dethrone the Queen and
wed a new queen.
I almost forgot.
Mr. Head Tailor.
Don't forget to make a new dress
for the Queen.
Make sure it's beautiful.
Prepare for the
'end of the mourning' ceremony.
Yes. Mr. Head Tailor.
THE ROYAL TAILOR
ROYAL TAILOR
Come here. boy.
I said come here.
Come here!
Little bastard.
Come here at once.
Did you call. sir?
What brings you here?
You just said. 'Come here'...
Sorry. sir...
You'll soon be wearing it
when you become a nobleman.
Congratulations in advance. sir.
Forget congratulations.
You look rejuvenated.
Did you secretly get married overnight?
Sir?
It's a joke.
Let's go.
This is nice. isn't it?
- Let me pour you a drink.
- Thank you.
Good work today.
His Majesty seems very pleased
with the new dragon robe.
Mr. Head Tailor.
let me pour you one.
Oh. good.
Sorry we're late.
Come in. girls.
Come sit down.
Hurry up and sit down.
Please excuse me.
I have work to attend to.
Let's just enjoy today.
I'm buying.
I appreciate the gesture.
Please excuse me.
Sure knows how to kill the mood.
I mean I get why
the late king kept him.
Everyone else was replaced.
yet the Head Tailor keeps his job.
What's the matter?
Bitter that you share rank
with a commoner?
He's a lowly seamster.
One more year...
And he'll be promoted
to sixth tier.
That means...
- he'll become a nobleman!
- Watch the hat!
A real nobleman!
It makes no sense.
He can't even read.
We can't help it.
He is adored by the King.
That's true. but...
Let's eat.
Oh. well. Let's just drink.
- Pour us a drink.
- Please do.
Oh. my sweetie.
What the...
This is fine imported clothing!
Sir Pan-soo.
It's been a long time.
This is...
simply indecent!
A woman's garment should
cover her decently.
- That's why I like it here.
- There's dust on your hat.
Is this also by the genius Kong-jin?
Stop right there!
Get him!
Pardon me.
Don't let him get away!
Why did you do that?
This underskirt...
Can't untie it...
What do you think?
Their youngest daughter
wanted to wear my dress.
Was it just because of
the dress?
I heard rumors
that you took the chastity of
Lord Park's only daughter.
In the woods. no less.
At this rate. there won't be
any virgins left.
You'll have to seduce the Queen.
The Queen?
Why bother with an old hag?
Unless it's a young concubine.
Old hag?
She's barely 20 years of age.
Besides. they say she's still a virgin.
Truly?
Then her face must be hopeless.
People say...
she's as fair as one of the
ancient beauties.
Here.
Payment for last night's damages.
There's no law that says
women can't wear pants.
Thank you.
Please convey my thanks
to His Majesty.
You're welcome. Your Highness.
Did you bring what I asked for?
The 'myunbok' looks worn out.
I can mend it. Your Highness.
His Majesty has bestowed new clothes.
I must show my appreciation.
You must be busy making clothes
for the cabinet.
I will have my girls tend to this.
Yes. Your Highness.
Why did I put myself
in this situation again...
Up. up. There we go.
It's too early for a drink.
Then what?
A dress for your mistress?
Could you...
make me a new overcoat?
And fix my new uniform as well.
As you can see. I only make
the kind of clothes for these girls.
I know!
Do me a favor. will you?
Can you. uh...
Make it look different?
What? 'Different'?
Different.
That's right!
Different...
Different!
Yes. different.
People have all different
height and build.
Yet the official robe comes
in one size.
Might as well wear grain sacks.
Beauty requires pain and patience.
Clothes should fit the person.
Not the other way around.
Don't cut the sleeve!
Clothes should look dignified...
I see!
Oh.
See? Better. right?
Hm... a large head with
narrow shoulders.
What?
You have narrow shoulders.
A 'push-up' pad.
It pushes up a flat chest
like mountain peaks.
Hence the name.
Put these under your feet.
Will elevate you by 2 inches.
Should call them 'elevator' shoes.
What's that?
It's a bracken leaf.
Something so often stepped on
that resembles our lives.
Oh. no!
Punish me. Your Highness.
Please punish us.
None of you are to blame.
It's all my fault for going
beyond my means.
Mr. Head Tailor.
Forgive me. your Highness.
I can't fix it by tomorrow...
Even though I ask you so?
Will you still refuse?
I...
I believe I have a remedy.
You!
Are you the one who fixed
my daughter's dress?
It's absolutely unfitting.
I can't believe what she's wearing!
You're right.
I always get confused.
You call this a dress?
You can see her underskirt.
Now you can tell them apart.
What did you say?
A garment should reflect
the social status and rules.
This cheap. tasteless garbage...
Did you say cheap?
Then what is it?
Does this look refined and
dignified to you?
Do you know who he is?
Watch who you're yelling at.
Come with me to the palace.
The Queen wants to see you.
The Queen?
Palace?
Do you really think he can do it?
Let's give him a chance.
Make way for Her Highness.
Is he the tailor you spoke of?
Yes. Your Highness.
This is the tailor Lee Kong-jin.
Can you really do it?
If you do.
I'll forever remember your name.
I can. Your Highness.
I can do it. Your Highness.
Is that so?
Then I will trust you to it.
Your Highness. you can't just...
Have the seamstresses help him.
Yes. Your Highness.
Well...
Do you even know
what that man is saying?
He hasn't even seen
His Majesty in person.
Let alone violating the court laws.
one night is not enough.
Who are you?
How dare you...
- Stop it.
- Let's all calm down.
Don't worry. I'll manage.
Right.
Do you even know what
a 'myunbok' is?
You do know what that is. right?
A 'myunbok'...
is the king's ceremonial robe
for ancestral rites.
It is also worn during
celebrations and assemblies.
It consists of the robe
and a crown.
The robe is made of
the outer layer. inner layer.
inner skirt. front strip. belt.
waist strap. socks. and shoes.
And lastly. a jade scepter.
The outer robe shall be of thin silk.
black and blue with a bit of red.
The shoulders must have dragons.
And on the back...
Shall I go on?
Shouldn't we stop him?
Don't bother.
We'll find out tomorrow.
It doesn't feel like the one
I used to wear.
Your clothes looked worn.
so I had it fixed.
Please forgive me for not
obtaining your permission.
No wonder.
It fits me perfectly.
It feels more comfortable.
Thank you for your thoughtfulness.
Who is that man?
I haven't seen him before.
He is...
I...
He is said to be a talented
tailor. so I hired him.
I had him fix your robe.
You are indeed talented.
Mr. Head Tailor.
Have him fix my hunting outfit.
Yes. Your Majesty.
We are ready to begin
the ceremony.
Alright.
Let's get it over with.
Make way for His Majesty.
You pay a man with cash.
not this useless...
His Majesty bestowed it.
You should feel honored.
What am I? A bum?
Careful.
Are you crazy?
How can you drop it?
It's mine now.
I called you both here
because I want to thank you
for your work.
Please enjoy.
Yes. Your Highness.
How is the tea?
The taste lingers...
May I ask why you read 'The Art of War'?
Have you read it?
Forgive me.
But those books are for men.
Who says a woman should
only learn how to sew?
Life itself is war.
Mr. Head Tailor.
Yes. Your Highness.
Isn't that so?
The book only mentions...
I've read that
it is best to avoid wars.
It is true.
'The Art of War' says that
it is best not to fight.
That's right.
But reality differs from books.
You try to stay out of a fight.
and people think you're stupid.
Don't avoid shit cuz
you're scared. right?
You're speaking to Her Highness.
Mind your manners.
You're right.
Indeed you don't avoid shit
because you're afraid.
Your Highness!
Who gave you permission to write?
Please forgive me. sir!
You have good hands for sewing.
What are you doing at this hour?
I want to be the best like you.
Mr. Head Tailor.
What's this country ever done for me?
His Majesty personally asked you
for a hunting outfit.
Others would kill for this chance.
For another stupid sock?
Hey.
This is for you.
It's from Her Highness.
She said you should give it
to a maiden you like.
Oh. my.
This is a phoenix hairpin.
Guess you have a girl you like.
Try cross-stitching.
Come here...
I... Uh...
Come this way.
Sewing...
is like binding
two worlds into one.
Pour your soul
as you put the needle in.
and tend with care as you pull it out.
Do you understand?
Yes. Mr. Head Tailor.
We need your help.
His Majesty's garments...
must always be cut
from these patterns.
All royal garments are made
according to rules and customs.
I've served three kings so far.
The only thing that changed
was the Queen's wig.
Tradition that stands
the test of time.
Such is the nature
of a royal garment.
The hunting outfit must also...
I want to make it like this.
I would first
cut the sleeves in half.
The waist line should be
slim and fluid like mountain stream.
The bottom should be wide
to make it more comfortable
and more dignified.
It will look fierce...
I was wondering how he made
clothes without patterns.
I see that he draws them first.
OK. Let's begin.
His Majesty's face.
Yongsang?
'Yong-ahn.'
And His Majesty's hands?
Yongsoo.
'Uh-soo.'
His Majesty's feet?
- Jokbal?
- How many times did I tell you?
- What about His Majesty's penis?
- King's pen...
Are you out of your mind?
How dare you speak of His...
Your Majesty!
You Majesty!
Please punish us.
Don't make such a big deal.
I'm fine.
You may all stand up.
Who's the girl?
She's the daughter of
the Defense Chief.
Have the girl come to the palace.
Your blouse looks ravishing today.
Isn't it the one popular now
in the Qing Empire?
What's the use?
When youth is beauty.
That's not always true.
The Queen has not even been
touched by her husband.
Have you heard?
His Majesty summoned
the Defense Chief's daughter.
Is that true?
Will the Queen be...
Watch what you say.
She is still the Queen.
Even if it's only a title.
Your Highness.
Shall I take a different path?
My goodness.
Your hands are so rough.
What do you do?
This hand held a sword
for His Majesty.
That hand sewed His Majesty's
clothes for a lifetime.
Isn't it beautiful?
Heard you'll become a nobleman
in a few months.
I guess a person's birth
is not relevant.
His Majesty himself was born
from a female servant.
Isn't that so?
As you know.
The Defense Chief's daughter
will receive His royal favor.
Could you make a dress
for her ceremony?
Forgive me. sir.
I only make clothes for
His Majesty and Her Highness.
Watch who you're speaking to.
His daughter could very well be
the next queen.
Who knows?
How dare you spill liquor
on this expensive robe.
Sir. please.
Let go.
I will pay for it.
Please forgive her.
You could all go out and
whore yourselves.
It still won't be enough.
Sir. you're going too far.
How dare you!
What the hell?
Don't worry. I'm here.
How dare you filthy commoner
get in the way of a nobleman?
What? Commoner?
You bastards picked on the wrong man.
'Bastards'?
Hey!
Over here!
Hey.
Hold on. Wait.
- Just a second.
- What is this...
What are you doing?
Would you just...
You guys.
Do you know who he is?
- He's the head of Sanguiwon.
- What are you doing?
Sanguiwon?
Don't be shy.
A man sewing. How pathetic.
He's the King's royal tailor.
Fine. I'll let you two go.
However.
That bitch. who ruined
my precious clothes.
I can't forgive.
Will you sell yourself
to repay me?
Or else...
Will you spend the night with me?
Ridiculous.
Spend the night with you?
For such a dull robe?
- I'll make it for you.
- How dare you!
This robe is from a famous silk
shop in the Qing Empire...
The Daemyungdang. of course.
With their finest silk. Chohageum.
Chohageum is top quality silk
offered to the Chinese king.
Did you know 'cho' in Chohageum
stands for Chosun?
Of course.
You think I wouldn't know?
But unfortunately...
The design is identical.
but the color...
It looks like an ordinary silk.
I believe you were
taken advantage of.
- What?
- Preposterous...
It's a fake?
- A fake?
- What...
What the hell
are you talking about?
I've been a tailor
at the royal court for 30 years.
You may bet on it.
It was a fake? Let's just go.
Hey. Hey!
That felt good.
Listen carefully.
I don't care what
godforsaken parts you're from.
But I'm the King's Tailor.
Come on...
I heard you'll become
a nobleman soon.
You've made clothes for nobles
all these years.
It'd feel so good to make
a dashing coat for yourself.
Are you mocking me?
Mocking you?
Wait a minute.
You have something in mind. huh?
Did you already make it?
Enough.
I can't say I didn't think about it.
I totally thought so.
I'll use the finest jade-green silk.
And make the sleeve stylishly large.
I'd make the wrist narrow and
the bottom wide.
The breast tie I would
embroider in gold.
With a small bell on the waist.
A bell's kind of tacky.
Maybe a jade ornament.
It's my overcoat!
Fine. Relax.
See that moon way up there?
Close your eyes for a second.
Why should I?
Just close them. will you?
Imagine the moon floating above.
On a topcoat yellow like the moon.
embroider the world's creations.
With beautiful embroidery
beside the collar strip.
And wear a large round hat
with beads threaded on
a golden string.
The inner layer will be red
like the blazing sun.
And strut across the moon.
The rabbits pounding the mortar
will regard you with envy.
Wow!
Let me know
when you become a nobleman.
I'll make a killer coat for you.
I need to measure your skirt.
Please turn around.
What did you say?
Say that again.
So you're the Head Tailor.
Yes. ma'am.
Make it as glamorous as you can.
The ceremony will be as grand
as the Queen's.
Yes. ma'am.
Becoming a noble is not the end.
You need to keep it up.
Kong-jin.
I wish to thank His Majesty
for the new clothes.
I was hoping you could make
something for him.
Forgive me. Your Highness.
But you should make it yourself.
How dare you.
It's Her Highness' request.
It doesn't have to be
a full garment.
It could be small.
But if you make it yourself.
His Majesty would appreciate it more.
Something small...
Like 'poson' socks?
He bestows that to others.
Perhaps something different.
Something different?
I'd suggest His undergarment.
That would be too embarrassing.
You are husband and wife.
I don't see anything inappropriate.
And...
While you make the gift.
I'd like to make a dress
for your audience with His Majesty.
Please allow me the opportunity.
Mr. Head Tailor!
Keep your voice down!
Is he here?
You little...
What's going on?
Do you know what
the King's undergarment looks like?
Undergarment...
It's no different than mine.
Thought it'd be more special.
Maybe have a dragon in the middle.
A wedding dress?
You should go if you're done.
This is why
you're the Head Tailor.
The sewing is flawless.
This is the most beautifully crafted
dress I've seen.
You're doing well.
Go halve the length on
the second stitch.
He says you're doing well.
He says go halve the length
on the second stitch.
I've never seen this technique.
I've never seen...
I learned this from my late mother.
It is called a 'half-stitch.'
There are no rules for sewing.
I think the easiest method
is the best method.
The method was taught by
his late mother...
He says there are no rules...
I also learned sewing
from my mother.
Violets were her favorite flowers.
My father said he'd plant
many of them on her grave.
I wonder if he did.
I've never been.
I heard His Majesty is away
on a hunting trip.
Your Highness.
Something's missing...
Stay still.
Bulls eye!
I want to make it like this.
Mr. Head Tailor.
The new hunting outfit
fits handsomely.
It's quite different from
the ones you made.
Let's have him make another piece.
He seems very talented.
They're going crazy for your
clothes. yet you're here.
- You scared me...
- People seem to like this robe.
Should we have a drink?
What are you doing in there?
You scared me...
Look at this.
Have you ever seen
something like this?
No. Your Highness.
It resembles
the shape of a jar...
So beautiful...
Can I try the other one?
I've never seen
this design before.
The sleeves are so...
Look at the
full body of the skirt.
Beautiful yet so simple.
It is absolutely ravishing.
It's beautiful.
Mr. Head Tailor is indeed talented.
How did you think of
such a creation?
You made Her dress without...
What do you think?
Isn't it a little bland?
Will you embroider it for me?
No one embroiders better than you.
Here you go. sir.
Can you hear it?
What's with this shabby ceremony?
Where is His Majesty?
Let me go!
I said let go!
With Her Highness' generosity
as deep as the sea.
the Queen bestows you with
the 2nd-tier title.
Let go!
Your Majesty.
You are to wed the Defense Chief's
daughter today.
Shall I prepare your bed there?
You can't go in.
You can't go in. Your Highness.
Your Highness.
Your Highness...
you don't like the dress?
I have this beautiful dress.
But nowhere to go.
Your Highness.
I remember my first day
in the palace.
Back then...
My only dream was
to be with His Majesty.
Do you...
have a dream?
Move everything inside!
Hurry!
What a mess.
Get them off the racks!
Hurry up!
Yeah. get that!
Why aren't you helping?
I just don't understand.
What?
Her Highness.
She's so beautiful...
Everyone has a story.
regardless of status.
My robe!
Use the other door!
Neglected by her husband
at such a young age.
It's a true pity.
According to rumors.
it's been like that since
the wedding night.
Back when His Majesty was still a prince.
Bride candidates were
called in for his brother.
And he fell for one of them.
He fell for his possible sister-in-law.
It was an unfortunate situation.
His brother found out. and guess what?
Father.
Baby brother is also of age.
I suggest you grant him a bride.
from one of the maidens
not chosen.
He acted all generous
and tossed over the girl like a leftover.
Think about it.
she'd always be the left over.
She's neglected by His Majesty.
And now that new girl is driving her out.
Do you know why the Prime Minister
supports the new girl?
He's trying to replace the Queen.
How is it that you get older
but still stay on top
over fresh young girls?
When customers flock to a new girl
and she gets arrogant...
I just send in younger girls
to get them back.
Then the new arrogant girl
becomes obedient to me.
and the younger ones look to me
to get good customers.
Naturally. they treat me
with utmost respect.
What's the matter?
You don't like it?
No. it's not that.
Lady Hong.
Yes. Your Majesty.
Could you move?
Your Majesty!
How dare you seduce His Majesty!
Your Highness!
Please spare your anger!
Your Highness.
Take it off!
You're not worthy!
- How dare you!
- Your Highness.
How dare you!
Don't just stand around!
Stop her!
How come you can't make them?
Don't you make
the Queen's dresses?
It is true.
But I don't make the dresses
you describe.
Perhaps he doesn't know
how to make them.
I heard there's a good tailor
in the other town.
Let's go there.
No wonder.
You've gone out of fashion.
Mr. Head Tailor.
The Queen wore this?
Oh. look!
Such a beautiful color!
This full skirt here.
it's what the Queen wore.
Sir.
He is disrupting the world.
Kong-jin is secretly making dresses
in the palace.
We implore you. Your Majesty!
Mr. Prime Minister.
I guess the cabinet has
nothing better to do.
Petitioning over a trivial
matter such as women's attire.
It's not just any women. Your Majesty.
Women inside the palace and outside
are violating the decorum and
corrupting the morals of this nation.
So women want to wear beautiful clothes.
The wives of noblemen
are indulging in excess to
imitate Her Highness' fashion.
The Qing envoys will soon arrive.
What if they hear about this?
You're not worried about clothes.
You want to dethrone the Queen.
We implore you. Your Majesty.
Do you remember the day we first met?
I remember clearly. Your Majesty.
Because the first garment I ever made
was your robe.
That's right.
That year. my late brother
was chosen as the heir.
One day. I was having
lunch with my brother.
At the time. I had a craving for meat.
So I asked the nanny for ribs.
But...
For some reason. she wouldn't.
Do you know why?
Because my brother wanted it first.
He knew I liked meat.
And he did so on purpose.
He wanted me to know that he was the heir.
That he would be the sole ruler.
He ate all the meat.
But he left me one piece.
Do you know what he said?
You can have it.
What do you think I did?
That was when.
That's when I first
understood what power is.
The fellow who made the hunting outfit...
So his clothes are ruining
the discipline in court.
I don't care what the Prime Minister says.
But I do care about the
authority of the court.
But...
I don't think I need to get involved.
Mr. Head Tailor.
You should handle it.
I wish to wear your clothes again...
How could you make these
cheap. tasteless dresses?
'Cheap'?
A garment should reflect
social status and decorum.
What's wrong with clothes
that are comfortable and pretty?
We make clothes for the King.
The hunting outfit I made.
Is that cheap too?
I am the Head Tailor!
After this moment...
if I see anyone wearing
one of these cheap dresses.
you will be punished by
His Majesty's orders!
Isn't it a little extreme?
It's His Majesty's orders.
What are you waiting for?
Get rid of them at once!
Come on. no need for this.
Don't do this.
Let's talk about it.
It's the King's orders!
If you disobey. you can be put to death.
I'll just leave.
This damn palace.
I'll just leave then.
The envoys sent by the Qing
Emperor will soon arrive.
If we fail to get their approval again...
So what you mean is
since I wasn't approved by the Chinese.
I'm not really the king yet?
No. Your Majesty. Even your late brother.
with an excuse that he didn't have an heir.
didn't receive the emperor's blessing.
Forgive me for saying this...
But they have also questioned your birth.
At the welcome ceremony for the Qings.
I implore you to invite Mistress
So-yi instead of the Queen.
Does this country...
...belong to Chosun?
Or the Qings?
Your Majesty!
Prime Minister. the old bastard!
I'll have his head one day. His head!
I was born and raised in the palace.
But nothing in this palace was ever mine!
Even the nameless grass
outside wasn't mine.
Nothing was mine.
Even the Queen!
Do you know why I'm indifferent to her?
Because she was...
like the piece of meat my brother left me.
But I recently realized
that we're the same.
I've become king.
But I still can't do what I want.
Do you know why I replaced
all the officials...
But spared you?
You're the one
who made the first thing
that was really mine.
Your Majesty.
Is true. Father?
Yes. His Majesty has approved it.
Your Highness will be seated at the throne.
Did you hear that?
You are the Head Tailor.
the best in Chosun.
I have to be the most
beautiful woman there.
You're not going back to the palace?
Everyone's getting new
clothes for the ceremony.
But the Queen can't even get a new scarf.
And the Prime Minister's
putting So-yi at the throne.
If she's introduced as the
queen to the Qings...
Kong-jin.
Please allow me to make your
dress for the ceremony.
I'm not attending.
Why...
Why do you keep avoiding?
I promise...
I will make everyone bow before you.
That's enough. You should leave.
It will be something completely new.
No man including His Majesty.
will be able to take his eyes off you.
You'll be the most beautiful
woman in the world.
Bring the girls in for measurement.
Your Highness!
Forgive me. Your Highness.
The dress I intend to make.
has never been made before.
I must measure myself for it to be perfect.
Please allow me.
You may never lay your hand on Her person.
Forgive me...
For I must lay my hand on Your person.
You must stand straight for me to measure.
Take these away too.
Kong-jin's coming back.
He can't just come and go as he pleases.
Are you talking back to me?
Of course not.
You little bastard.
Sir. is something wrong?
Close your eyes.
What do you see?
Nothing. sir.
Forget it.
I thought I'd drop in for a drink.
I thought this place was
too 'cheap' for you.
I have no business with you.
You should go back.
Did you draw these?
Who is this for?
Get out.
Leave!
You're not...
There's a certain line
you must never cross.
I don't care.
What about Her Highness?
Don't you know...
that you're putting Her in danger?
How much more danger?
She doesn't even have a
seat at the ceremony.
They say that So-yi will
be seated at the throne.
Tell me.
Will it be any more dangerous?
Will it be any different?
I didn't see anything.
You've been at it for days.
You should stop.
Please stop.
Stop!
I heard you could be killed
if you make this dress.
Please!
I have to be the most
beautiful woman there.
His daughter could very
well be the next queen.
Your need to keep it up.
It's time to go home. sir.
What do you think?
Tell me.
I couldn't possibly judge your work. sir.
Fine. You may leave.
Did he tell you where he was going?
No. sir...
I don't know where he went.
Sir. it's Dae-gil.
Are you awake?
This was it.
Sir. this is... truly beautiful.
These drawings are amazing.
Did you say...
Beautiful?
Yes. sir.
They're like images from a dream.
They're that beautiful?
Yes. sir.
You now have Chosun in
the palm of your hand.
First bow!
Second bow!
Your Highness. the ceremony
is about to start.
Make way for Mistress So-yi!
What are you waiting for?
Announce her presence.
Actually. ma'am...
Make way for the Queen!
You look beautiful tonight.
My Lady.
You call yourself the
top tailor of this nation?
Your Highness.
Do you envy that cheap dress?
What?
That low life who makes obscene dresses
without any principles.
Bewitched by such a man.
completely disregarding the decorum.
the Queen who supports him.
I'm asking. do you envy her?
I wanted to see Your Highness
before I leave the palace.
Leave?
People outside are begging me to
make their clothes.
I wish to visit the
Queen's quarters tonight.
The Queen. Your Majesty?
You once asked if I have a dream.
I'm ashamed to admit
that I'd never thought about it.
But then...
I met you. Your Highness.
And I was able to dream.
Every moment I spent with you.
To me...
It was like a dream.
Now...
I need a new dream.
I sincerely hope...
your dreams come true.
It's been an honor.
Take care. Your Highness.
Make way for His Majesty.
I was asking him for
a new garment.
Please allow me to excuse myself.
I think...
I made a mistake coming here.
Make way for the Queen!
Your Majesty.
You should govern the
court with a firmer hand.
I recently heard some disturbing rumors.
While you were away on your hunting trip.
the Queen went out the
palace with a young tailor.
His name was... Lee Kong-jin.
I also heard
that recently. the Queen sent
her attendants away
and had the tailor
personally measure her size.
Pathetic. isn't it?
For a piece of clothing.
a woman like the Queen would...
But the thing is...
When I look at this hunting outfit.
I think I can understand her.
Mr. Head Tailor.
I wish to wear a dragon
robe made by that fellow.
But it seems that he is
busy with the Queen.
So. can you make it instead?
Just like the one he'd make.
So no one can tell the difference.
And that it's...
a gift from the Prime Minister.
I lined it with hemp cuz your
father is heat sensitive.
Will keep him cool.
Thank you. sir.
You'll go bankrupt.
Your Highness.
You're mistaken!
How dare you! Let me go!
Seize him for high treason!
What are you...
Pan-soo!
Since you cherished his work.
I trusted him to make my robe.
To my surprise...
There was a poisoned needle hidden inside.
Fortunately. our Head Tailor found it.
Are you sure he made it?
Yes. Your Highness.
It's not true.
I didn't make that.
If it's one of my clothes.
it will have a bracken leaf on it.
There isn't one.
Your Majesty.
I think it would be fair
to check the other garments.
Well...
Do you see one?
I have to say...
I do not see one.
I thought hard about this.
Who put him up to it?
He's a lowly seamster
with no political affiliation.
Why would he try to assassinate
the king?
Just as I was pondering.
I heard a rumor about
you and that tailor.
My Lady.
Were you conspiring with him
all along?
Is that why
you are defending him?
Tell me.
I did it alone.
I dare longed for the Queen.
That's why I did it.
Please kill me. Your Majesty.
Tell me.
Is this true?
I asked you if this is true.
- I...
- Her Highness...
She doesn't know anything.
I wasn't aware.
I guess...
I shouldn't have doubted you.
You may leave.
So you did it by yourself.
Tell me the truth.
Who put you up to it?
Was it the Prime Minister?
Please stop.
Do you still think that nothing
in the palace is yours?
I once hoped that
you wouldn't become king.
The day I was chosen as your wife.
I can't forget your eyes
looking at your brother.
But...
I thought I could make you happy.
Stop.
We're sad people.
This won't change anything.
You can't let things go.
and I won't give up.
Stop it!
Your Majesty...
You are a coward.
This man
tried to assassinate me.
For his treasonous crime.
he shall be beheaded.
Pour your soul.
Tend with care.
Soul.
Care.
I wish to be the best like you.
Mr. Head Tailor.
This is why you're the Head Tailor.
Will you embroider it for me?
No one's better than you.
When I see your hands...
I just felt warm.
Hands that were
tortured from sewing. just like mine.
I thought that if no one else.
you would...
you would understand and trust me.
That dragon robe.
Did you make it?
You should have listened to me.
You shouldn't have made
Her Highness' dress.
If it were me...
I would have made it with a brighter silk.
Your arrogance.
Your arrogant clothes...
That's what brought us here.
It wasn't my clothes.
It was your fear.
That's what brought us here.
You said you avoid shit
because it's filthy.
Well. I had to shove it down
my throat my whole life.
I dedicated my whole life to sewing.
You tried to ruin my life's work.
The dream I built with these two hands.
My life.
So...
ls that why you copied it?
I am the Head Tailor.
I'm the one who makes
His Majesty's garments!
I hope...
you will make clothes worthy of your hands.
Listen closely.
Your clothes will never
see the light of day.
I will erase the name
Lee-Kong-jin completely from our history!
Begin the execution!
Yes. sir!
Head Tailor Cho Dol-suk.
You've made significant contributions
crafting clothes for
3 generations of kings.
You are hereby bestowed
the sixth tier status.
Your Highness.
Throw it out.
What about this?
The breast tie I would embroider in gold.
With a small bell on the waist.
A bell's kind of tacky.
Maybe a jade ornament.
It's my overcoat!
Fine. Relax.
I'll use the finest jade-green silk.
And make the sleeve stylishly large.
I'd make the wrist narrow
and the bottom wide.
Let me know when you become a nobleman.
I'll make a killer coat for you.
On second thought.
I think your version...
is more beautiful.
Sir. you should go in.
They're not coming.
No.
His Majesty.
He said. he'd call on me.
Royal ceremonial dress - Chosun Dynasty
by Head Tailor. Cho Dul-suk